🎉 Arranged code of conduct links (#455)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> This project, as part of the **Open Life Science community**, is committed to providing a **welcoming, friendly, and harassment-free** environment for everyone to **learn and grow by contributing**. As a result, we require participants to follow our **code of conduct**, which may be found [in the policies repository](https://github.com/open-life-science/policies-procedures-and-docs/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project, as part of the **Open Life Science community**, is committed to providing a **welcoming, friendly, and harassment-free** environment for everyone to **learn and grow by contributing**. As a result, we require participants to follow our **code of conduct**, which may be found [in the policies repository]({{ site.github.owner_url }}/policies-procedures-and-docs/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```
